---
layout: post
title:  "First Post"
---

Well, here is my first post for my Maker Square blog, which I've left off until the last half hour before class.  I just came back to work today after a four-day staycation, which did not feel as long as two weekends at all, likely because I spent a quarter of it sitting in Austin's ridiculous traffic, while the sun was doing its best to scorch my pale skin to the bone. My original plan was to spend some of it looking at new places to live, but after walking around Clarksville for ten minutes in the 90-degree heat, I decided that the term "walkable neighborhood" was really not applicable to any part of Austin in the summer, so I should just give up and try to move to a more liveable city instead. Fortunately, I also got contacted by a coworker who asked if I wanted to be roommates with her and her micropig. Of course I had to say yes, because the micropig is super cute and she seems to be one of the few other people at work who care about their clothes. At least I now have someone else to keep me encouraged as we continue our search together. 

I did get to do some coding on Saturday, thanks to my friend, who signed me up for <a href="http://shehacksatx.com">SheHacksATX</a>. I almost dropped out the night before when I realized it lasted almost 12 hours, from 9am to 9:30pm, on the best day of the week for sleeping in. But I've have been trying to be less of a flake this year, and my friend really needed a ride, I ended up setting my alarm for 7:45 am and pulling myself out of bed at that ungodly hour.

I was probably the most inexeprienced person there, but my much-more-experienced partner was very helpful and explained everything she was doing, making it seem a lot easier than it was. We ended up helping a Startup called <a href="https://theyogarecipe.com">The Yoga Recipe</a>, a business that helps experienced Yoga teachers make extra money for selling their class plans / pose sequences (or 'recipes') to less experienced teachers via their marketplace. The two owners were in the middle of revamping their site but they asked us for some help on social media integration, so we added some features for Facebook, Twitter, and added a method for adding Spotify playlists to their users' 'recipes'. It was really cool to be able to help an actual business, if only marginally, improve their site, although by the end of the 12 hours I was too tired to even joke about how tired I was.  